So in the previous bar, we have created the Ethereum Classic, which is going to be responsible for
testing and running off the application.
And then we have created this account class, which is going to manage everything about the calculation
thing and that input output management.
So we have created some global activities, such as customer, no spin, no checking balance and saving
balance.
And like initially setting a value of zero to what that balance is now this can input method is going
to scan the input by the user according to which that choice, which is input in the function, will
be performed.
So we have created this account named constructor.
So this account object is containing some arguments, such as customer number, pin number, checking
balance and saving values.
So all these four are going to be documents off this account constructor and we have access all four
of them with the help of this device.
This keyboard is going to assist all the objects, which is declared inside the class to this account
object.
So now we have quite like creating the class, creating the constructor, passing the arguments and
then like accessing that object with the help of this Cuba.
Now after that, we are going to use Cert and yet the methods for accessing are like us get.
The method is used for accessing all four of them in their classes, and that method is used to update
their values accordingly.
So the first thing we are going to like get is going to be the customer number, of course.
So public and trying to get the customer number.
And this customer number is already declared variable.
So get customer number.
Is used to like access that private specified body in the event, and this is going to simply return
the customer number, which the like suggestions are showing.
So we have to get that customer number now.
After that, we will be like getting all four of the global body of we have declared.
So I will be copying this and pasting for four more times in order to like access all four of the global
variables, which are specified as prizes on for 19 years.
So after the customer number, we are head for the pin number.
And this is going to return the pin.
But of course.
After which we are having double.
No date that time for the chickens balance and savings balance.
So, yes, for the checking balance, we are going to use checking.
Balance.
And this is going to like help us to access the checking balance.
And similarly, the function will be returning this checking balance.
So I am pasting into the sea was small.
Yes.
So similarly, we are going to like use this double turn.
For the savings balance, just replacing this checking with savings and also has.
So we are done with her getting all four of the global variables we have declared.
Whenever it is needed by any other class off this project, now, our second concern is to like us,
said all four of them we have used get for all four of them.
Now the next one is to say, and that segment today is going to help us to update the values of these
four whenever we need it.
So like in the next step.
Public.
In.
Gus said customer number.
And this is going to update the.
And we have to pass like arguments inside this as customer, no, as this segment today we are using
to update the value of the customer number.
And this keyword will be again used to access the customer number first and then third.
Think this to customer number again?
And the next step, this will return the customer simply like now, get the metal doing so with the
help of suggestions, everything is so convenient saving it.
And yes, we have heard the mantra of our customer number and segment word for it also.
Now we are going to use this similar thing for the pin number.
So I just changing the customer on the Pinhead and everywhere, just simply replacing.
Buster might've been.
Also, the bin is in danger, so nothing is going to throw an exception in any manner stopping again.
And setting it to.
Also, this is going to return the pin number.
So replacing so head, we are done with good thing and setting of all the like direct the by lightning
bolts.
Now our next concern is to like yes, for calculating the checking of the law.
So here we have two types of accounts checking some savings.
Now suppose if the U.S. pulls one and he asks you this vicious storage to draw funds from the checking
account.
So we have to set our like a mathematical calculator function, which is going to like calculate the
amount which will be left in the checking balance after that specificamente.
So public.
Double, which is that they started for the balance checking balance.
And like we are going to calculate so public numbers, calculate the checking balance.
Yes, replacing this and get out of it and kill it.
And territory.
This is going to contain a amount as out of human, and this is going to be a double take that I began
inside this calculating function.
We are going to like update this checking balance.
So checking balance minus that amount now user and board forward to draw from the checking account,
of course.
So after this, let us enclose this inside of bracket for a better record new presentation.
And this is going to read done the checking balance after the successful withdrawal.
So yes, this is the method for calculating the chair like the checking the.
Checking withdrawal.
Not to balance it and draw this method is for David to draw.
So, yes.
And how do we have balance so after them is to draw the balance is going to be updated.
So this is a method for calculating the chicken to draw my time.
Now, in this similar way, we are going to calculate thus saving draw.
So I will be copying this same function and pasting in 10 for calculating the saving way to draw.
So just replacing that chicken with 10 saving A..
So yes, this is for saving the argument of the amount.
No change there.
Just the chicken pox will be changed with the saving by and everything will be just mean soon.
So yes, this is the function for calculating the saving withdrawal values.
Now we are done with the now withdrawn balance calculation.
Our next concern is to calculate the deposit balance for both of that checking account and savings accounts.
So yes, we will be doing that.
OK, so here we are done with her savings deposit and like checking before we we have already covered,
thus saving withdraw and checking withdrawal function.
Now, a similar way, we have checked their deposit so far, the withdrawal.
We have to subtract the checking balance from the amount, which is to be withdrawn and for their deposit.
They have to add their checking balance on their savings balance.
With that amount, which is going to deposit as deposit is to the bank and Richard is away from the
bank.
So yes, that calculation is performed in that now for calculating the transplant that they need to
be from checking and savings.
So for that, we have to like check those things.
We have to subtract checking balance from that amount.
If the transfer is from checking account and if the transfer is from the savings account, we have to
subtract that amount from the savings balance.
And the second part of this, I think, is the savings balance will be updated with the amount that
is transferred from the savings balance to the SEER, like checking balance to the savings balance and
vice versa.
For all these savings transfer, so yes, that subscriptions and issues are going to be performed in
a similar way for both the types of transfers.
Now our next concern is to like we have performed everything about the calculation of like withdrawal
of deposits and transfers.
Now the next thing we are going to cover is to create a function for getting the mint to draw on input
from the checking and savings accounts.
So yes.
This method is used to get the withdrawal in full from the U.S., and we are like taking exception kind
of paying for the import which they use like mean for withdrawing some money from the checking.
And we are going to do similar for the savings upon withdrawal as well.
So suppose that you wouldn't put some money like he or she wants to withdraw all thousand rupees or
dollars from the checking account.
So this system is going to dry up.
Yes, the current checking account balance will be printed in every STEM.
We have already discussed this in the introduction by and the money will be yes, displayed in the form
of money for man undertakings.
Balance of added value scoring system is going to return amount you want to withdraw and this is going
to like the kind of scanner it is going to scan the input from the user.
So yes, it will be asking for the amount to be withdrawn and it is going to check mark rather than
the.
But that amount is of value and are.
So first thing that it is checking that the amount is greater than the balance.
So suppose you have 10000 in your account and you are willing to like to draw 20000, then this is not
going to happen.
The balance is greater than the naked eye withdrawn, while the balance is greater than the account
balance.
So this is going to be checked inside this try and catch exception handling method.
Also, the balance cannot be negative.
So yes, that's what I was like on.
Yes.
The said about.
So the balance will become negative if they have to draw an amount is and the already present balances
10 pounds.
So it is going to like, put that balance, do not be negative and there are valid input so vivid to
draw on.
Similarly, for the savings account, we have the same try and catch exception method for the savings
account in the similar way after which to draw input account.
So checking some savings accounts works in a similar manner.
OK, so this is for checking deposits.
So yes, it's similar to maybe we were withdrawing the money.
We are going to deposit money to the checking account and this is going to ask like the current checking
account balance.
Oh yes, if we display the card into balance, I don't know there it will ask that what is the money
you want deposit to your checking account?